1) Insert combo-boxes in column with pre-defined values (see Help tab)
2) Insert new column: SAP Instance Type
3) Remove column for SAP excel: Instances. The code must be kept
4) Insert new column: CPU Tolerance (%). Remove this info from Config Tab.
5) Set default value for all the columns that have no values, clean that code from predicates
6) Insert new column: Memory Tolerance (%). Remove this info from Config Tab.
7) Insert new column: Archive Logs/Local Backup (GB)
8) Insert new column: S3 Backup (GB)
9) Remove column for SAP excel: Tenancy. Use default value: shared. The code must be kept.
10) Change excel column Operating System: SAP excel must show only (Redhat, Suse, Windows). For General excel,this field
    is not mandatory is it' default value is Linux.
11) Remove column for SAP excel: Pre Installed S/W
12) Create assemblies to populate default values and to ignore cases
13) Create validators for mandatory fields and for wrong filled columns
14) In Summary tab, sepparate UpFront collumn in two columns: 1-year upfront and 3-year upfront, so it is clear to the customer
  that the 3-years Total is multipling the Upfront by 3 and the Monthly by 36.
15) Return formulas in the output sheet instead of raw values
16) Multi-thread. Until then, the tasks in the queue will be consumed 1 by 1
17) Error message: all acceptable errors must extend PricingCalculatorException
18) Develop a second output sheet: one for SAP Excel and one for General Excel
19) When everything is done, remove Config Tab from input.xlsx
20) Remove Data Transfer tab from SAP Excel. General Excel will still have it.
21) Input file name is fixed as 'input.xlsx'. Receive this information from SQS (DefaultExcelReader.java).
22) Remove Constants.java. All its content need to be moved to the Calculator.java. Except for the Pricing List, that will
   need to be moved to the Run.java.
23) Equalize GB and GiB


-------- v 2.0 ---------
1) Integrate beanstalk with CloudWatch Logs to output the server logs
2) Start Date and End Date
3) Inicial Capacity, Grow Percentage, Every X Months, Match fields for tolerance (CPU and/or Memory, etc)
